README.md, before:

# 3-DEVELOPER SKILLS

---

## 4 Steps to Solve Any Problem

1. make sure you understand 100% of the problem

- ask the right questions to get a clear picture of the problem
- eg: 'what to do if something else is passed in?'

2. Divide and conquer: Break a big problem into smaller sub-problems

- e.g., check if argument is a number, string or an array
- e.g., implement reversing a #

3. Don't be afraid of research.

4. For bigger problems, write pseudo-code before writing actual code

---

## The Debugging Process

- may work in one browser & not another
- writing Testing as you code is an important concept and should be done as a best practice

### Debugging

- 1. Debugger to use breakpoints
- in Developer console, go-to 'Sources', then script.js

---

## DOM Manipulation

###### August 14, 2021

##### SECTION: 05-Guess-My-Number

- jQuery
- CSS DOM Manipulation
- jQuery modal practice
- refactoring when guess is either too low or high by using ternary operator

---

## Modal Window

###### August 14, 2021

##### SECTION: 06-Modal

- used jQuery to manipulate style.css and other js

##### SECTION: 07-Pig-Game

- Rolling dice game practice
- completed Pig_Game rolling dice game

##### SECTION 8: How JavaScript works behind the scenes

-

Commit message:

reviewed hoisting and practical examples

README.md, after:

# 3-DEVELOPER SKILLS

---

## 4 Steps to Solve Any Problem

1. make sure you understand 100% of the problem

- ask the right questions to get a clear picture of the problem
- eg: 'what to do if something else is passed in?'

2. Divide and conquer: Break a big problem into smaller sub-problems

- e.g., check if argument is a number, string or an array
- e.g., implement reversing a #

3. Don't be afraid of research.

4. For bigger problems, write pseudo-code before writing actual code

---

## The Debugging Process

- may work in one browser & not another
- writing Testing as you code is an important concept and should be done as a best practice

### Debugging

- 1. Debugger to use breakpoints
- in Developer console, go-to 'Sources', then script.js

---

## DOM Manipulation

###### August 14, 2021

##### SECTION: 05-Guess-My-Number

- jQuery
- CSS DOM Manipulation
- jQuery modal practice
- refactoring when guess is either too low or high by using ternary operator

---

## Modal Window

###### August 14, 2021

##### SECTION: 06-Modal

- used jQuery to manipulate style.css and other js

##### SECTION: 07-Pig-Game

- Rolling dice game practice
- completed Pig_Game rolling dice game

##### SECTION 8: How JavaScript works behind the scenes

- Review of JS behind the hood, largely theory-based
- Reviewed Hoisting
